.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH coreos-installer 8  "coreos-installer 0.25.0" 
.SH NAME
coreos\-installer\-install \- Install Fedora CoreOS or RHEL CoreOS
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcoreos\-installer\-install\fR [\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-config\-file\fR] [\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-stream\fR] [\fB\-u\fR|\fB\-\-image\-url\fR] [\fB\-f\fR|\fB\-\-image\-file\fR] [\fB\-i\fR|\fB\-\-ignition\-file\fR] [\fB\-I\fR|\fB\-\-ignition\-url\fR] [\fB\-\-ignition\-hash\fR] [\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-architecture\fR] [\fB\-p\fR|\fB\-\-platform\fR] [\fB\-\-console\fR] [\fB\-\-append\-karg\fR] [\fB\-\-delete\-karg\fR] [\fB\-n\fR|\fB\-\-copy\-network\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-dir\fR] [\fB\-\-save\-partlabel\fR] [\fB\-\-save\-partindex\fR] [\fB\-\-offline\fR] [\fB\-\-insecure\fR] [\fB\-\-insecure\-ignition\fR] [\fB\-\-stream\-base\-url\fR] [\fB\-\-preserve\-on\-error\fR] [\fB\-\-fetch\-retries\fR] [\fB\-\-secure\-ipl\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fIDEST_DEVICE\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Install Fedora CoreOS or RHEL CoreOS
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\-file\fR \fI<path>\fR
YAML config file with install options

Load additional config options from the specified YAML config file. Later config files override earlier ones, and command\-line options override config files.

Config file keys are long option names without the leading "\-\-". Values are strings for non\-repeatable options, arrays of strings for repeatable options, and "true" for flags.  The destination device can be specified with the "dest\-device" key.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-stream\fR \fI<name>\fR
Fedora CoreOS stream

The name of the Fedora CoreOS stream to install, such as "stable", "testing", or "next".
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-image\-url\fR \fI<URL>\fR
Manually specify the image URL

coreos\-installer appends ".sig" to find the GPG signature for the image, which must exist and be valid.  A missing signature can be ignored with \-\-insecure.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-image\-file\fR \fI<path>\fR
Manually specify a local image file

coreos\-installer appends ".sig" to find the GPG signature for the image, which must exist and be valid.  A missing signature can be ignored with \-\-insecure.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-ignition\-file\fR \fI<path>\fR
Embed an Ignition config from a file

Embed the specified Ignition config in the installed system.
.TP
\fB\-I\fR, \fB\-\-ignition\-url\fR \fI<URL>\fR
Embed an Ignition config from a URL

Immediately fetch the Ignition config from the URL and embed it in the installed system.
.TP
\fB\-\-ignition\-hash\fR \fI<digest>\fR
Digest (type\-value) of the Ignition config

Verify that the Ignition config matches the specified digest, formatted as <type>\-<hexvalue>.  <type> can be sha256 or sha512.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-architecture\fR \fI<name>\fR [default: x86_64]
Target CPU architecture

Create an install disk for a different CPU architecture than the host.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-platform\fR \fI<name>\fR
Override the Ignition platform ID

Install a system that will run on the specified cloud or virtualization platform, such as "vmware".
.TP
\fB\-\-console\fR \fI<spec>\fR
Kernel and bootloader console

Set the kernel and bootloader console, using the same syntax as the parameter to the "console=" kernel argument.
.TP
\fB\-\-append\-karg\fR \fI<arg>\fR
Append default kernel arg

Add a kernel argument to the installed system.
.TP
\fB\-\-delete\-karg\fR \fI<arg>\fR
Delete default kernel arg

Delete a default kernel argument from the installed system.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-copy\-network\fR
Copy network config from install environment

Copy NetworkManager keyfiles from the install environment to the installed system.
.TP
\fB\-\-network\-dir\fR \fI<path>\fR
Override NetworkManager keyfile dir for \-n

Specify the path to NetworkManager keyfiles to be copied with \-\-copy\-network.

[default: /etc/NetworkManager/system\-connections/]
.TP
\fB\-\-save\-partlabel\fR \fI<lx>\fR
Save partitions with this label glob

Preserve any existing partitions on the destination device whose partition label (not filesystem label) matches the specified glob pattern.  Multiple patterns can be specified in multiple options, or in a single option separated by commas.

Saved partitions will be renumbered if necessary.  If partitions overlap with the install image, or installation fails for any other reason, the specified partitions will still be preserved.
.TP
\fB\-\-save\-partindex\fR \fI<id>\fR
Save partitions with this number or range

Preserve any existing partitions on the destination device whose partition number matches the specified value or range.  Ranges can be bounded on both ends ("5\-7", inclusive) or one end ("5\-" or "\-7"). Multiple numbers or ranges can be specified in multiple options, or in a single option separated by commas.

Saved partitions will be renumbered if necessary.  If partitions overlap with the install image, or installation fails for any other reason, the specified partitions will still be preserved.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fIDEST_DEVICE\fR]
Destination device

Path to the device node for the destination disk.  The beginning of the device will be overwritten without further confirmation.
.SH "ADVANCED OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-offline\fR
Force offline installation
.TP
\fB\-\-insecure\fR
Allow unsigned image

Allow the signature to be absent.  Does not allow an existing signature to be invalid.
.TP
\fB\-\-insecure\-ignition\fR
Allow Ignition URL without HTTPS or hash
.TP
\fB\-\-stream\-base\-url\fR \fI<URL>\fR
Base URL for CoreOS stream metadata

Override the base URL for fetching CoreOS stream metadata. The default is "https://builds.coreos.fedoraproject.org/streams/".
.TP
\fB\-\-preserve\-on\-error\fR
Don\*(Aqt clear partition table on error

If installation fails, coreos\-installer normally clears the destination\*(Aqs partition table to prevent booting from invalid boot media.  Skip clearing the partition table as a debugging aid.
.TP
\fB\-\-fetch\-retries\fR \fI<N>\fR [default: 0]
Fetch retries, or "infinite"

Number of times to retry network fetches, or the string "infinite" to retry indefinitely.
.TP
\fB\-\-secure\-ipl\fR
Enable IBM Secure IPL
.SH VERSION
v0.25.0
